Added resources for albert architecture (#20717)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/albert.mdx

The abstract from the paper is the following:

> \_Increasing model size when pretraining natural language representations often results in improved performance on

Reviewer: You can leave the original formatting

```suggestion
*Increasing model size when pretraining natural language representations often results in improved performance on
```

downstream tasks. However, at some point further model increases become harder due to GPU/TPU memory limitations,
longer training times, and unexpected model degradation. To address these problems, we present two parameter-reduction
techniques to lower memory consumption and increase the training speed of BERT. Comprehensive empirical evidence shows
that our proposed methods lead to models that scale much better compared to the original BERT. We also use a
self-supervised loss that focuses on modeling inter-sentence coherence, and show it consistently helps downstream tasks
with multi-sentence inputs. As a result, our best model establishes new state-of-the-art results on the GLUE, RACE, and

> SQuAD benchmarks while having fewer parameters compared to BERT-large.\*

Reviewer: Also keep the original formatting here

```suggestion
SQuAD benchmarks while having fewer parameters compared to BERT-large.*
```

This model was contributed by [lysandre](https://huggingface.co/lysandre). This model jax version was contributed by
[kamalkraj](https://huggingface.co/kamalkraj). The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/google-research/ALBERT).

## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with ALBERT. If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

<PipelineTag pipeline="introduce" />
- A blog post on [Getting Started with ALBERT](https://huggingface.co/albert-base-v2).
- A blog post on [Albert-base-v2](https://huggingface.co/albert-base-v2). 
- A blog post on [albert-xlarge-v2](https://huggingface.co/albert-xlarge-v2). 
- A blog post on [Chinese Albert](https://huggingface.co/uer/albert-base-chinese-cluecorpussmall).
- A blog post on [Albert-tiny](https://huggingface.co/clue/albert_chinese_tiny).
- An article about [ALBERT: A Lite BERT for Self-supervised Learning of Language

> Representations](https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.11942).

Reviewer: Thanks for thinking outside the box here and suggesting an introduction section! But this isn't necessary since there is already an intro to ALBERT here with a link to the paper and abstract.

> <PipelineTag pipeline="language-modeling_albert" />

Reviewer: This should be `fill-mask` since it's for masked language modeling.

```suggestion
<PipelineTag pipeline="fill-mask" />
```

> - An example code on [language-modeling](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/language-modeling) that supports ALBERT model. 

Reviewer: Then you can add `TFAlbertForMaskedLM` and `FlaxAlbertForMaskedLM`, and add the relevant example scripts and notebooks if they're available.

```suggestion
- [`AlbertForMaskedLM`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/language-modeling#robertabertdistilbert-and-masked-language-modeling) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/language_modeling.ipynb).
```

> - A blog post on [Converting Transformers to ONNX with Hugging Face Optimum](https://huggingface.co/blog/convert-transformers-to-onnx) that supports ALBERT model. 

Reviewer: We can remove this since its not relevant.

> - A blog post on [Deep Learning over Internet](https://huggingface.co/blog/collaborative-training) that uses ALBERT model.

Reviewer: This should go in the `text-classification` section.

<PipelineTag pipeline="text-classification" />

> - A notebook on how to [fine-tune ALBERT for sentence-pair classification](https://github.com/NadirEM/nlp-notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_ALBERT_sentence_pair_classification.ipynb).

Reviewer: Add a 🌎 emoji to denote its a community resource

```suggestion
- A notebook on how to [fine-tune ALBERT for sentence-pair classification](https://github.com/NadirEM/nlp-notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_ALBERT_sentence_pair_classification.ipynb). 🌎
```

> - A Transformers ALBERT document on [AlbertForSequenceClassification](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.24.0/en/model_doc/albert#transformers.AlbertForSequenceClassification).

Reviewer: Then you can add the `TFAlbertForSequenceClassification` and `FlaxAlbertForSequenceClassification` like the masked language model example above.

```suggestion
- [`AlbertForSequenceClassification`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/text-classification) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/text_classification.ipynb).
```

- A text-classification example code on [Pytorch](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/text-classification) that supports ALBERT model. 
- A text-classification example code on [Flax](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/flax/text-classification) that supports ALBERT model. 
- A text-classification example code on [Tensorflow](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/tensorflow/text-classification).

> <PipelineTag pipeline="text-recognition" />

Reviewer: This should be `token-classification`.

```suggestion
<PipelineTag pipeline="token-classification" />
```

> - A notebook on [Finetune T5 for Named Entity Recognition](https://github.com/ToluClassics/Notebooks/blob/main/T5_Ner_Finetuning.ipynb).

Reviewer: The notebook is for T5, not ALBERT. Like the other example suggestions above, please add the TensorFlow and Flax equivalents.

```suggestion
- [`AlbertForTokenClassification`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/token-classification) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/token_classification.ipynb).
```

> <PipelineTag pipeline="token-classification" />

Reviewer: You can remove this whole section since none of the links are directly relevant.

- A course material on [EncoderModel](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter1/5).
- A course material on[Creating your own dataset](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter5/5).
- A Transformers ALBERT document on [AlbertForTokenClassification](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.24.0/en/model_doc/albert#transformers.AlbertForTokenClassification).

> <PipelineTag pipeline="QuestionAnswering" />

Reviewer: This should be `question-answering`.

```suggestion
<PipelineTag pipeline="question-answering" />
```

- A Tensorflow example code on [Question-Answering](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/tensorflow/question-answering) that supports ALBERT model.
- A Flax example code on [Question-Answering](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/flax/question-answering).

> - A PyTorch example code on [Question-Answering](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/question-answering).

Reviewer: Then do the same for its TensorFlow and Flax equivalent.

```suggestion
- [`AlbertForQuestionAnswering`] is supported by this [example script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/question-answering) and [notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/notebooks/blob/main/examples/question_answering.ipynb).
```

> <PipelineTag pipeline="Research" />

Reviewer: There isn't a pipeline tag for research so we can just use this:

```suggestion
🧪 **Research**
```

- A research project [bert-loses-patience](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/research_projects/bert-loses-patience) that uses the ALBERT pretrained model.

## AlbertConfig

[[autodoc]] AlbertConfig

## AlbertTokenizer

> [[autodoc]] AlbertTokenizer 
>     
>     - build_inputs_with_special_tokens 

Reviewer: Remove the extra line here

```suggestion
[[autodoc]] AlbertTokenizer 
    - build_inputs_with_special_tokens 
```

<PipelineTag pipeline="token-classification" />- A course material on
[EncoderModel](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter1/5). - A course material
on[Creating your own dataset](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter5/5). - A
Transformers ALBERT document on
[AlbertForTokenClassification](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.24.0/en/model_doc/albert#transformers.AlbertForTokenClassification).

<PipelineTag pipeline="QuestionAnswering" />- A Tensorflow example code on
[Question-Answering](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/tensorflow/question-answering)
that supports ALBERT model. - A Flax example code on
[Question-Answering](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/flax/question-answering)
- A PyTorch example code on
[Question-Answering](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/question-answering)

<PipelineTag pipeline="Research" />- A research project
[bert-loses-patience](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/research_projects/bert-loses-patience)
that uses the ALBERT pretrained model.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
## Resources

A list of official Hugging Face and community (indicated by 🌎) resources to help you get started with ALBERT. If you're interested in submitting a resource to be included here, please feel free to open a Pull Request and we'll review it! The resource should ideally demonstrate something new instead of duplicating an existing resource.

<PipelineTag pipeline="introduce" />
- A blog post on [Getting Started with ALBERT](https://huggingface.co/albert-base-v2).
- A blog post on [Albert-base-v2](https://huggingface.co/albert-base-v2). 
- A blog post on [albert-xlarge-v2](https://huggingface.co/albert-xlarge-v2). 
- A blog post on [Chinese Albert](https://huggingface.co/uer/albert-base-chinese-cluecorpussmall).
- A blog post on [Albert-tiny](https://huggingface.co/clue/albert_chinese_tiny).
- An article about [ALBERT: A Lite BERT for Self-supervised Learning of Language
Representations](https://arxiv.org/abs/1909.11942).

<PipelineTag pipeline="language-modeling_albert" />
- An example code on [language-modeling](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/language-modeling) that supports ALBERT model. 
- A blog post on [Converting Transformers to ONNX with Hugging Face Optimum](https://huggingface.co/blog/convert-transformers-to-onnx) that supports ALBERT model. 
- A blog post on [Deep Learning over Internet](https://huggingface.co/blog/collaborative-training) that uses ALBERT model.

<PipelineTag pipeline="text-classification" />
- A notebook on how to [fine-tune ALBERT for sentence-pair classification](https://github.com/NadirEM/nlp-notebooks/blob/master/Fine_tune_ALBERT_sentence_pair_classification.ipynb).
- A Transformers ALBERT document on [AlbertForSequenceClassification](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.24.0/en/model_doc/albert#transformers.AlbertForSequenceClassification).
- A text-classification example code on [Pytorch](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/text-classification) that supports ALBERT model. 
- A text-classification example code on [Flax](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/flax/text-classification) that supports ALBERT model. 
- A text-classification example code on [Tensorflow](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/tensorflow/text-classification).

<PipelineTag pipeline="text-recognition" />
- A notebook on [Finetune T5 for Named Entity Recognition](https://github.com/ToluClassics/Notebooks/blob/main/T5_Ner_Finetuning.ipynb).

<PipelineTag pipeline="token-classification" />
- A course material on [EncoderModel](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter1/5).
- A course material on[Creating your own dataset](https://huggingface.co/course/chapter5/5).
- A Transformers ALBERT document on [AlbertForTokenClassification](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/v4.24.0/en/model_doc/albert#transformers.AlbertForTokenClassification).

<PipelineTag pipeline="QuestionAnswering" />
- A Tensorflow example code on [Question-Answering](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/tensorflow/question-answering) that supports ALBERT model.
- A Flax example code on [Question-Answering](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/flax/question-answering).
- A PyTorch example code on [Question-Answering](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/pytorch/question-answering).

<PipelineTag pipeline="Research" />
- A research project [bert-loses-patience](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples/research_projects/bert-loses-patience) that uses the ALBERT pretrained model.

```

## AlbertModel

> [[autodoc]] AlbertModel 

Reviewer: Remove the extra space at the end here. Same comment for all the other objects (`AlbertForPreTraining`, `AlbertForMaskedLM`, AlbertForSequenceClassification`, etc.) below.

```suggestion
[[autodoc]] AlbertModel
```

## AlbertModel

[[autodoc]] AlbertModel 

> 

Reviewer 2: nit: remove the line breaks
